package cache // import "textflow/internal/cache"


TYPES

type ContentCache struct {
	// Has unexported fields.
}
    ContentCache provides a Redis-backed caching layer for expensive
    computations such as embeddings generation and entity extraction.

    The cache uses SHA-256 hashing to derive deterministic keys from input
    strings, ensuring consistent cache hits for identical inputs. Values are
    stored as JSON in Redis with configurable TTL expiration. This pattern is
    useful for scenarios where recomputing results is costly and staleness is
    acceptable within the TTL window.

func NewContentCache(client *redis.Client, defaultTTL time.Duration) *ContentCache
    NewContentCache creates a new ContentCache with the given Redis client and
    default TTL.

    Parameters:
      - client: Redis client for storing and retrieving cached values
      - defaultTTL: Time-to-live duration for cache entries; entries are
        automatically expired by Redis after this duration

    The returned cache is ready to use immediately.

func (c *ContentCache) Get(ctx context.Context, key string) (interface{}, error)
    Get retrieves a cached value without computing it.

    The cache key is derived from the input key using SHA-256 hashing.
    If no cached value exists or unmarshaling the cached JSON fails, nil is
    returned with nil error. Only actual Redis errors (network, protocol,
    etc.) are returned as non-nil errors.

    Parameters:
      - ctx: Context for Redis operations
      - key: Input string to use as the cache key (hashed internally)

    Returns:
      - The cached value if found and unmarshaled successfully, otherwise nil
      - An error if a Redis operation fails; nil if key not found or unmarshal
        fails

func (c *ContentCache) GetOrCompute(ctx context.Context, key string, compute func() (interface{}, error)) (interface{}, error)
    GetOrCompute implements a cache-aside (lazy-loading) pattern with
    singleflight protection: retrieves a cached value if available, otherwise
    computes it by invoking the provided function and stores the result for
    future use.

    The cache key is derived from the input key using SHA-256 hashing.
    If a cached value exists and is successfully unmarshaled, it is returned
    immediately without invoking compute(). If no cached value exists,
    singleflight ensures that only ONE computation runs even if multiple
    goroutines request the same key concurrently, preventing the "thundering
    herd" problem where 100 requests could trigger 100 expensive computations.

    Parameters:
      - ctx: Context for Redis operations
      - key: Input string to use as the cache key (hashed internally)
      - compute: Function that produces a cacheable result; called if not cached

    Returns:
      - The cached or newly computed value
      - An error if the compute function fails, JSON marshaling fails, or Redis
        operations fail

    Note: Singleflight deduplication applies only while compute() is running.
    Once the result is cached, subsequent calls retrieve it directly from Redis.

func (c *ContentCache) Invalidate(ctx context.Context, key string) error
    Invalidate removes a cached entry by key, immediately expiring it.

    The cache key is derived from the input key using SHA-256 hashing. If the
    key does not exist, the operation succeeds without error. Only actual Redis
    errors (network, protocol, etc.) are returned as errors.

    Parameters:
      - ctx: Context for Redis operations
      - key: Input string to use as the cache key (hashed internally)

    Returns:
      - An error if the Redis Del operation fails; nil on success or if key not
        found

func (c *ContentCache) Set(ctx context.Context, key string, value interface{}) error
    Set stores a value in the cache with the default TTL.

    The cache key is derived from the input key using SHA-256 hashing. The value
    is JSON-marshaled before storage in Redis. The entry will automatically
    expire after the default TTL duration configured at cache creation.

    Parameters:
      - ctx: Context for Redis operations
      - key: Input string to use as the cache key (hashed internally)
      - value: Value to cache; must be JSON-serializable

    Returns:
      - An error if JSON marshaling or the Redis Set operation fails; nil on
        success

